well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about a statement made by a lieutenant
governor how it reflects on the
character of the United States
specifically the character of the
current ruling class and we're going to
talk about how that may affect our
perception of the validity of this
government so lieutenant governor Dan
Patrick of Texas he was talking to I
believe Tucker Carlson and he said that
you know those Americans that are 70 or
older what they're really concerned
about is passing along the America that
everyone loves and passing that down to
their grandkids
man that's noble man that sounds cool
and then he goes on to conflate that
with the economy with money
the general gist and what he was kind of
floating as a possible policy I guess
was that we should just go about
business as usual and those who are 70
and older well it is what it is
odds aren't too bad only one in fives
got to go they all right now while
that's fun to say and it's fun to call
it some of the terms that it's being
called and all that's all in good fun
and dark humor and all of that the
reality is that those trends aren't
necessarily going to hold in the United
States in California eighty percent of
the patients are aged 18 to 65 now we
don't know the severity of those cases
though it could just be that you know
we're more prone to go to the hospital
in the u.s. because our healthcare
system is so good it could be that
people are a little scared so they're
going to get checked out or it could be
environmental factors it could be the
fact that the United States has well
most of us have a little bit of weight
on us and that may be complicating
things and the reality is that even in
best case scenarios it isn't just the
old it's those who are compromised and
then yeah there's a percentage of
healthy adults that go out too so it's
not just those 70 and up by any means
that's just a misrepresentation of
reality but beyond that what it has what
this is showing is that right now the
American ruling class has decided this
is the moment they're going to try to
prove that the mayor in the movie Jaws
was the hero the reality is we do not
need to keep the beaches open the
experts told us what we needed to do
they told us a couple weeks ago and have
we done it we'd almost be done with this
now maybe think we'd be on you know on
the downhill
almost be finished we have to shut it
down from 21 to 30 days I guess that's
what we have to do the American ruling
class seems to have decided to try
everything except that so they can
scrape out a few more pennies make a few
more stock deals that based on
information that the rest of us don't
have I would suggest that maybe an
America that has lowered its character
to the point where a few pennies is
worth the lives of its grandparents and
the vulnerable the compromised maybe
that isn't the America everybody loves
maybe that's not even in America worth
saving the reality is that a lot of
these politicians who are so concerned
with their pocketbook right now are
undermining their very positions because
the average American the average
especially those who are 18 to 40 who
are politically active they see this
the authority of the government is all
based on perception it's a magic trick
the United States government only has
Authority because people believe that it
does statements like this undermine it
they drive it they drive it out of
existence how can you believe somebody
this callous and this incompetent has
authority over you how can you believe
in a system that put these people in
power those who are making
life-and-death decisions the reality is
we know what we have to do and
eventually we're going to have to do it
every attempt that we make to try to
stall that just prolongs the downturn
and worsens the economy so not only are
they focusing on the wrong thing they're
bad at it the decisions that are being
made are going to cost thousands of
lives and it's all about money is that
the America that the older generations
really want to pass down is that the
America that everybody loves this is the
time when we have to decide what kind of
society we want after this because
there's gonna be huge changes this is a
horrible thing that's happening right
now and if it's going to mean anything
we have to be prepared when we come out
the other side to know exactly what we
want and I would suggest then we do not
want a country where the leaders are
willing to write off 1% of the
population
simply because of other dividends
we're gonna have to make huge changes
the leaders who are showing their true
colors right now they need to be
remembered and when this is over they
need to be replaced if we are going to
have a representative democracy it needs
to be representative and there isn't a
genuine representative out there that
it's gonna say yeah
let my constituents go because I lost a
little bit of money the economy will
bounce back demand hasn't changed it's
still there we just have to do what we
need to do we've got to shut it down
anyway it's just a thought and I would
point out there's a lot of people
concerned right now suggesting that this
is some nefarious plot by the government
to keep everybody locked down I would
just remind everybody to look at how
hard they're fighting against it never
never mistake incompetence for malicious
intent anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night